白雪公主
  严冬时节，鹅毛一样的大雪片在天空中到处飞舞着，有一个王后坐在王宫里的一扇窗子边，正在为她的女儿做针线活儿，寒风卷着雪片飘进了窗子，乌木窗台上飘落了不少雪花。她抬头向窗外望去，一不留神，针刺进了她的手指，红红的鲜血从针口流了出来，有三点血滴落在飘进窗子的雪花上。她若有所思地凝视着点缀在白雪上的鲜红血滴，又看了看乌木窗台，说道：“但愿我小女儿的皮肤长得白里透红，看起来就像这洁白的雪和鲜红的血一样，那么艳丽，那么骄嫩，头发长得就像这窗子的乌木一般又黑又亮！” 
  她的小女儿渐渐长大了，小姑娘长得水灵灵的，真是人见人爱，美丽动人。她的皮肤真的就像雪一样的白嫩，又透着血一样的红润，头发像乌木一样的黑亮。所以王后给她取了个名字，叫白雪公主。但白雪公主还没有长大，她的王后妈妈就死去了。 
  不久，国王爸爸又娶了一个妻子。这个王后长得非常漂亮，但她很骄傲自负，嫉妒心极强，只要听说有人比她漂亮，她都不能忍受。她有一块魔镜，她经常走到镜子面前自我欣赏，并问道： 
  “告诉我，镜子，告诉我实话！ 
  这儿所有的女人谁最漂亮？ 
  告诉我她是谁？” 
  镜子回答道：“是你，王后！你就是这儿最漂亮的女人。” 
  听到这样的话，她就会满意地笑起来。但白雪公主慢慢地长大，并出落得越来越标致漂亮了。到了七岁时，她长得比明媚的春光还要艳丽夺目，比王后更美丽动人。直到有一天，王后像往常一样地去问那面魔镜时，镜子作出了这样的回答： 
  “王后，你是美丽漂亮的，但是白雪公主要比你更加漂亮！” 
  她听到了这话，心里充满了愤怒和妒忌，脸也变得苍白起来。她叫来了一名仆人对他说：“给我把白雪公主抓到大森林里去，我再也不希望看到她了。”仆人把白雪公主带走了。在森林里他正要动手杀死她时，她哭泣着哀求他不要杀害她。面对楚楚动人的可怜小公主的哀求，仆人的同情之心油然而生，他说道：“你是一个人见人爱的孩子，我不会杀害你。”这样，他把她单独留在了森林里。当仆人决定不再杀害白雪公主，而把她留在那儿时，尽管他知道在那荒无人际的大森林里，她十有八九会被野兽撕成碎片，但想到他不必亲手杀害她，他就觉得压在心上的一块沉重的大石头落了下来。 
  仆人走了以后，白雪公主一个人非常害怕，她在森林里到处徘徊，寻找出去的路。野兽在她身旁吼叫，但却没有一个去伤害她。到了晚上，她来到了一间小房子跟前。当她确定这间房子没有人时，就推门走进去想休息一下，因为她已经实在走不动了。一进门，她就发现房子里的一切都布置得井井有条，十分整洁干净。一张桌子上铺着白布，上面摆放着七个小盘子，每个盘子里都装有一块面包和其它一些吃的东西，盘子旁边依次放着七个装满葡萄酒的玻璃杯，七把刀子和叉子等，靠墙还并排放着七张小床。此时她感到又饿又渴，也顾不得这是谁的了，走上前去从每块面包上切了一小块吃了，又把每只玻璃杯里的酒喝了一点点。吃过喝过之后，她觉得非常疲倦，想躺下休息休息，于是来到那些床前，七张床的每一张她几乎都试过了，不是这一张太长，就是那一张太短，直到试了第七张床才合适。她在上面躺下来，很快就睡着了。 
  不久，房子的主人们回来了，他们是七个在山里开矿采金子的小矮人。他们点亮七盏灯，马上发现有人动过房子里的东西。第一个问：“谁坐过我的凳子？”第二个问：“谁吃过我盘子里的东西？”第三个问：“谁吃过我的面包？”第四个问：“谁动了我的调羹？”第五个问：“谁用过我的叉子？”第六个问：“谁用过我的小刀？”第七个问：“谁喝过我的葡萄酒？”第一个接着向四周瞧，走到床前，叫道：“是谁在我的床上睡过？”其余的一听都跑过来，紧跟着他们也都叫了起来，因为他们都看得出有人在他们的床上躺过。第七个矮人一看他的床上正睡着的白雪公主，立刻把他的兄弟们都叫了过来，他们拿来灯，仔细照着白雪公主看了好一阵子，惊奇地感叹道：“我的天哪，她是一个多么可爱的孩子呀！”他们欣喜而又爱怜地看着她，生怕将她吵醒了。晚上，第七个小矮人轮着和其他的几个小矮人每人睡一个小时，度过了这个夜晚。 
  第二天早上，白雪公主醒来后见有七个小矮人围着她，吓了一大跳，但他们非常和气地问她说：“你叫什么名字？”看着他们那善良朴实的面孔和热情的目光，她回答说：“我叫白雪公主。”小矮人们又问：“你是怎样到我们家里来的？”于是，白雪公主向他们讲述了自己的全部经历。他们听了非常同情，说道：“如果你愿意为我们收拾房子、做饭、洗衣服、纺线、缝补衣裳，你可以留在这儿，我们会尽心照料你的。”白雪公主很乐意地说：“好的，我非常愿意。”这样，七个小矮人每天到山里寻找金子和银子，白雪公主则待在家里干些家务活。他们告诫她说：“王后不久就会找出你在哪儿的，你千万不要让任何人进屋来。” 
  那个仆人回来复命后，王后以为白雪公主已经死了，这下，她一定是全国最漂亮的女人了，她走到魔镜面前说： 
  “告诉我，镜子，告诉我实话！ 
  全国所有的女人谁最漂亮？ 
  告诉我她是谁？” 
  镜子回答说： 
  “是你，王后！ 
  你是这块地方最漂亮的女人， 
  但是在山的那一边， 
  在那绿色的树荫下， 
  有七个小矮人建造的小房屋， 
  白雪公主就躲藏在那里， 
  哎呀，王后！ 
  她比你更漂亮。” 
  王后听了大吃一惊，因为她知道这面镜子是从不说假话的，一定是那仆人蒙骗了她，她决不能容忍有任何比她更漂亮的人活在这个世上。所以，她把自己装扮成一个卖杂货的老太婆，翻山越岭来到了那七个小矮人的住处。她敲着门喊道：“卖杂货，多好的杂货呀！”白雪公主从窗户往外看去，说道：“老人家，你好！你卖的是什么啊？”她回答道：“好东西，好漂亮的东西，有各种颜色的带子和线筒。”白雪公主暗想：“这老太婆，好像并不是那种坏人，就让她进来吧。”想到这里，她跑过去打开门。老太婆进来后说道：“哎呀！看你的胸带多差呀，来吧，让我给你系上一根漂亮的新带子。”白雪公主做梦也没想到这会有危险，所以她走上前去站在了老太婆的面前。老太婆很熟练地将带子给她系在胸前，系着系着，突然，她猛地用力将带子拉紧，白雪公主便被勒得透不过气来，很快失去知觉倒在了地上，就像死去了一样。看到她的样子，恶毒的王后说道：“这下你的美丽该结束了吧！”说完放心地走了。 
  晚上，七个小矮人回来了，当他们看到他们诚实可爱的白雪公主躺在地上一动不动，就像死了一样时，他们的心马上缩紧了，急忙上前将她抬了起来，他们马上剪断了带子。过了一会儿，白雪公主慢慢地开始呼吸了，不久她又活了过来。听她讲完事情的经过后，他们说道：“那个老太婆就是王后，下次你要当心，在我们离开后，千万不要让任何人进来。” 
  王后一回到家里，就迫不急待地径直走到魔镜面前，像往常一样对着镜子说话。但令她吃惊的是镜子的回答仍然是这样的： 
  “是你，王后！ 
  你是这块地方最漂亮的女人， 
  但是在山的那一边， 
  在那绿色的树荫下， 
  有七个小矮人建造的小房屋， 
  白雪公主就躲在那里， 
  哎呀，王后！ 
  她比你更漂亮。” 
  知道白雪公主仍然活着，恼怒与怨恨使王后浑身血气翻涌，心里却凉透了。她不甘心，不能忍受，于是又对自己进行打扮，这次的伪装尽管还是一个老太婆，但却完全不同于上次。伪装好后，她带上一把有毒的梳子，翻山越岭来到了七个小矮人的房门前，敲着门喊道：“买不买东西哟！”白雪公主在里面听到了，把门握开一条缝说道：“我可不敢让别人进来了。”王后连忙说道：“你只要看看我这把漂亮的梳子就行了。”说完把那把有毒的梳子递了进去。梳子看起来的确很漂亮，白雪公主拿过梳子，想在头上试着梳一梳，但就在梳子刚碰到她的头时，梳子上的毒力发作了，她倒在地上，失去了知觉。王后冷笑着说道：“你早该这样躺着了。”说完就走了。 
  幸运的是这天晚上，小矮人们回来得很早，当他们看见白雪公主躺在地上时，知道一定又发生了不幸的事情，急忙将她抱起来查看，很快就发现了那把有毒的梳子。他们将它拔了出来，不久，白雪公主恢复了知觉，醒了过来。接着，她把事情发生的经过告诉了他们，七个小矮人再次告诫她，任何人来了都不要再开门。 
  此刻，王后已回到王宫，站在了魔镜前，询问着镜子，但听到的竟还是和上次相同的回答。这下，她气得浑身都哆嗦起来了，她无法忍受这样的回答，狂叫道：“白雪公主一定要死，即使以我的生命为代价也在所不惜！”她悄悄地走进一间偏僻的房子里，精心制做了一个毒苹果。这苹果的外面看起来红红的，非常诱人，但只要吃一点就会要人的命。接着，她将自己装扮成一个农妇，翻山越岭又来到了小矮人的房舍，伸手敲了敲门。白雪公主把头从窗户里探出来说道：“我不敢让人进来，因为小矮人们告诫我，任何人来了都不要开门。”“就随你吧，”老农妇拿出那个毒苹果说道，“可是这苹果实在是太漂亮可爱了，我就作一个礼物送给你吧。”白雪公主说道：“不，我可不敢要。”老农妇急了：“你这傻孩子，你担心什么？难道这苹果有毒吗？来！你吃一半，我吃一半。”说完就将苹果分成了两半。其实，王后在做毒苹果时，只在苹果的一边下了毒，另一边却是好的。白雪公主看了看那苹果，很想尝一尝，因为那苹果看起来很甜美。她看见那农妇吃了那一半，就再也忍不住了，接过另一半苹果咬了一口。苹果刚一进口，她就倒在地上死去了。王后一见，脸上露出了快意的狞笑，说道：“这次再没有人能救你的命了！”她回到王宫，来到魔镜前，问道： 
  “告诉我，镜子，告诉我实话！ 
  全国所有的女人谁最漂亮？ 
  告诉我她是谁？” 
  镜子回答道： 
  “是你，王后！ 
  你就是全国最漂亮的女人。” 
  听到这句话，王后的嫉妒心才安定下来，感到十分愉快和幸福。夜幕降临时，小矮人都回到了家里，他们发现白雪公主躺在地上，嘴里没有了呼吸。他们不相信她真的死了，将她抱了起来，给她梳头发，用酒和水为她洗脸，但一切都是徒劳的，因为小姑娘看来已真的死了。他们极为伤心地将她放在棺木上，七个小矮人坐在旁边守着。他们悲痛欲绝，整整守了三天三夜。最后他们绝望了，准备将她入土掩埋，但看到白雪公主的脸色红润依旧，栩栩如生，他们说：“我们不能把她埋在阴冷黑暗的地下。”所以，他们做了一口从外面也能看见她的玻璃棺材把她放了进去，棺材上用金子嵌着白雪公主的名字及铭文。小矮人们将棺材安放在一座小山上面，由一个小矮人永远坐在旁边看守。天空中飞来不少鸟儿，首先是一只猫头鹰，接着是一只渡鸦，最后飞来的是一只鸽子，它们都来为白雪公主的死而痛哭。 
  白雪公主就这样一直被安放在小山上，过了很久很久，她的样子看起来仍然像是在那儿安睡，皮肤仍然如雪一样的白嫩，脸色仍然透着血一般的红润，头发仍然如乌木一样又黑又亮。直到有一天，一个王子来到了小矮人的房子前，拜访了七个小矮人。在小山上，他看到了白雪公主及棺材上的铭文，心里非常激动，一刻也不能平静。他对小矮人说要付给他们金钱，求他们让他把白雪公主和棺材带走。但小矮人说：“就是用世界上所有的金子来换，我们也不会同意让她离我们而去的。”王子不停地恳求，甚至哀求。看到他如此真心诚意，他们终于被他的虔诚所感动，同意让他把棺材带走。但就在他叫人把棺材抬起准备回家时，棺材被撞了一下，那块毒苹果突然从她嘴里吐了出来，白雪公主马上醒了。她茫然问道：“我这是在哪儿呀？”王子回答说：“你好端端地与我在一块儿。”接着，把发生的一切都告诉了她，最后说道：“我爱你胜过爱世界上的一切，走吧！与我到我父亲的王宫去，我将娶你做我的妻子。”白雪公主同意了，并与王子一同回了家。在将一切准备好，将王宫装饰得富丽堂皇后，他们就要举行婚礼了，他们邀请了许多客人来参加婚礼。 
  在他们邀请的客人当中，其中就有白雪公主的继母王后，她将自己打扮得富贵典雅，对着魔镜说道： 
  “告诉我，镜子，告诉我实话！ 
  全国所有的女人谁最漂亮？ 
  告诉我她是谁？” 
  镜子回答说： 
  “是你，我想这儿是你最漂亮， 
  但是王子的新娘比你漂亮得多。” 
  听到这些话，她又勃然大怒起来，但又无可奈何。嫉妒心与好奇心使她决定去看看这位新娘。当她到达举行婚礼的地方，才知道这新娘不是别人，正是她认为已经死去很久的白雪公主。看到白雪公主，她气得昏了过去，自此便一病不起，不久就在嫉妒、愤恨与痛苦的自我煎熬中死去了。白雪公主和王子结婚后，美满的生活充满了欢乐和幸福，他们一辈子都快快乐乐地在一起。 


格林童话选 英文版 Grimms' Fairy Tales
格林兄弟 Brüder Grimm
SNOW-WHITE AND ROSE-RED
本书目录 Table of Contents 上一页 Previous 作者简介与作品 About Author 

There was once a poor widow who lived in a lonely cottage. In front of the cottage was a garden wherein stood two rose-trees, one of which bore white and the other red roses. She had two children who were like the two rose-trees, and one was called Snow-white, and the other Rose- red. They were as good and happy, as busy and cheerful as ever two children in the world were, only Snow-white was more quiet and gentle than Rose-red. Rose-red liked better to run about in the meadows and fields seeking flowers and catching butterflies; but Snow-white sat at home with her mother, and helped her with her housework, or read to her when there was nothing to do. 

The two children were so fond of one another that they always held each other by the hand when they went out together, and when Snow- white said: 'We will not leave each other,' Rose-red answered: 'Never so long as we live,' and their mother would add: 'What one has she must share with the other.' 

They often ran about the forest alone and gathered red berries, and no beasts did them any harm, but came close to them trustfully. The little hare would eat a cabbage-leaf out of their hands, the roe grazed by their side, the stag leapt merrily by them, and the birds sat still upon the boughs, and sang whatever they knew. 

No mishap overtook them; if they had stayed too late in the forest, and night came on, they laid themselves down near one another upon the moss, and slept until morning came, and their mother knew this and did not worry on their account. 

Once when they had spent the night in the wood and the dawn had roused them, they saw a beautiful child in a shining white dress sitting near their bed. He got up and looked quite kindly at them, but said nothing and went into the forest. And when they looked round they found that they had been sleeping quite close to a precipice, and would certainly have fallen into it in the darkness if they had gone only a few paces further. And their mother told them that it must have been the angel who watches over good children. 

Snow-white and Rose-red kept their mother's little cottage so neat that it was a pleasure to look inside it. In the summer Rose-red took care of the house, and every morning laid a wreath of flowers by her mother's bed before she awoke, in which was a rose from each tree. In the winter Snow-white lit the fire and hung the kettle on the hob. The kettle was of brass and shone like gold, so brightly was it polished. In the evening, when the snowflakes fell, the mother said: 'Go, Snow- white, and bolt the door,' and then they sat round the hearth, and the mother took her spectacles and read aloud out of a large book, and the two girls listened as they sat and spun. And close by them lay a lamb upon the floor, and behind them upon a perch sat a white dove with its head hidden beneath its wings. 

One evening, as they were thus sitting comfortably together, someone knocked at the door as if he wished to be let in. The mother said: 'Quick, Rose-red, open the door, it must be a traveller who is seeking shelter.' Rose-red went and pushed back the bolt, thinking that it was a poor man, but it was not; it was a bear that stretched his broad, black head within the door. 

Rose-red screamed and sprang back, the lamb bleated, the dove fluttered, and Snow-white hid herself behind her mother's bed. But the bear began to speak and said: 'Do not be afraid, I will do you no harm! I am half-frozen, and only want to warm myself a little beside you.' 

'Poor bear,' said the mother, 'lie down by the fire, only take care that you do not burn your coat.' Then she cried: 'Snow-white, Rose- red, come out, the bear will do you no harm, he means well.' So they both came out, and by-and-by the lamb and dove came nearer, and were not afraid of him. The bear said: 'Here, children, knock the snow out of my coat a little'; so they brought the broom and swept the bear's hide clean; and he stretched himself by the fire and growled contentedly and comfortably. It was not long before they grew quite at home, and played tricks with their clumsy guest. They tugged his hair with their hands, put their feet upon his back and rolled him about, or they took a hazel-switch and beat him, and when he growled they laughed. But the bear took it all in good part, only when they were too rough he called out: 'Leave me alive, children, 

'Snow-white, Rose-red, Will you beat your wooer dead?' 

When it was bed-time, and the others went to bed, the mother said to the bear: 'You can lie there by the hearth, and then you will be safe from the cold and the bad weather.' As soon as day dawned the two children let him out, and he trotted across the snow into the forest. 

Henceforth the bear came every evening at the same time, laid himself down by the hearth, and let the children amuse themselves with him as much as they liked; and they got so used to him that the doors were never fastened until their black friend had arrived. 

When spring had come and all outside was green, the bear said one morning to Snow-white: 'Now I must go away, and cannot come back for the whole summer.' 'Where are you going, then, dear bear?' asked Snow- white. 'I must go into the forest and guard my treasures from the wicked dwarfs. In the winter, when the earth is frozen hard, they are obliged to stay below and cannot work their way through; but now, when the sun has thawed and warmed the earth, they break through it, and come out to pry and steal; and what once gets into their hands, and in their caves, does not easily see daylight again.' 

Snow-white was quite sorry at his departure, and as she unbolted the door for him, and the bear was hurrying out, he caught against the bolt and a piece of his hairy coat was torn off, and it seemed to Snow-white as if she had seen gold shining through it, but she was not sure about it. The bear ran away quickly, and was soon out of sight behind the trees. 

A short time afterwards the mother sent her children into the forest to get firewood. There they found a big tree which lay felled on the ground, and close by the trunk something was jumping backwards and forwards in the grass, but they could not make out what it was. When they came nearer they saw a dwarf with an old withered face and a snow-white beard a yard long. The end of the beard was caught in a crevice of the tree, and the little fellow was jumping about like a dog tied to a rope, and did not know what to do. 

He glared at the girls with his fiery red eyes and cried: 'Why do you stand there? Can you not come here and help me?' 'What are you up to, little man?' asked Rose-red. 'You stupid, prying goose!' answered the dwarf: 'I was going to split the tree to get a little wood for cooking. The little bit of food that we people get is immediately burnt up with heavy logs; we do not swallow so much as you coarse, greedy folk. I had just driven the wedge safely in, and everything was going as I wished; but the cursed wedge was too smooth and suddenly sprang out, and the tree closed so quickly that I could not pull out my beautiful white beard; so now it is tight and I cannot get away, and the silly, sleek, milk-faced things laugh! Ugh! how odious you are!' 

The children tried very hard, but they could not pull the beard out, it was caught too fast. 'I will run and fetch someone,' said Rose-red. 'You senseless goose!' snarled the dwarf; 'why should you fetch someone? You are already two too many for me; can you not think of something better?' 'Don't be impatient,' said Snow-white, 'I will help you,' and she pulled her scissors out of her pocket, and cut off the end of the beard. 

As soon as the dwarf felt himself free he laid hold of a bag which lay amongst the roots of the tree, and which was full of gold, and lifted it up, grumbling to himself: 'Uncouth people, to cut off a piece of my fine beard. Bad luck to you!' and then he swung the bag upon his back, and went off without even once looking at the children. 

Some time afterwards Snow-white and Rose-red went to catch a dish of fish. As they came near the brook they saw something like a large grasshopper jumping towards the water, as if it were going to leap in. They ran to it and found it was the dwarf. 'Where are you going?' said Rose-red; 'you surely don't want to go into the water?' 'I am not such a fool!' cried the dwarf; 'don't you see that the accursed fish wants to pull me in?' The little man had been sitting there fishing, and unluckily the wind had tangled up his beard with the fishing-line; a moment later a big fish made a bite and the feeble creature had not strength to pull it out; the fish kept the upper hand and pulled the dwarf towards him. He held on to all the reeds and rushes, but it was of little good, for he was forced to follow the movements of the fish, and was in urgent danger of being dragged into the water. 

The girls came just in time; they held him fast and tried to free his beard from the line, but all in vain, beard and line were entangled fast together. There was nothing to do but to bring out the scissors and cut the beard, whereby a small part of it was lost. When the dwarf saw that he screamed out: 'Is that civil, you toadstool, to disfigure a man's face? Was it not enough to clip off the end of my beard? Now you have cut off the best part of it. I cannot let myself be seen by my people. I wish you had been made to run the soles off your shoes!' Then he took out a sack of pearls which lay in the rushes, and without another word he dragged it away and disappeared behind a stone. 

It happened that soon afterwards the mother sent the two children to the town to buy needles and thread, and laces and ribbons. The road led them across a heath upon which huge pieces of rock lay strewn about. There they noticed a large bird hovering in the air, flying slowly round and round above them; it sank lower and lower, and at last settled near a rock not far away. Immediately they heard a loud, piteous cry. They ran up and saw with horror that the eagle had seized their old acquaintance the dwarf, and was going to carry him off. 

The children, full of pity, at once took tight hold of the little man, and pulled against the eagle so long that at last he let his booty go. As soon as the dwarf had recovered from his first fright he cried with his shrill voice: 'Could you not have done it more carefully! You dragged at my brown coat so that it is all torn and full of holes, you clumsy creatures!' Then he took up a sack full of precious stones, and slipped away again under the rock into his hole. The girls, who by this time were used to his ingratitude, went on their way and did their business in town. 

As they crossed the heath again on their way home they surprised the dwarf, who had emptied out his bag of precious stones in a clean spot, and had not thought that anyone would come there so late. The evening sun shone upon the brilliant stones; they glittered and sparkled with all colours so beautifully that the children stood still and stared at them. 'Why do you stand gaping there?' cried the dwarf, and his ashen- grey face became copper-red with rage. He was still cursing when a loud growling was heard, and a black bear came trotting towards them out of the forest. The dwarf sprang up in a fright, but he could not reach his cave, for the bear was already close. Then in the dread of his heart he cried: 'Dear Mr Bear, spare me, I will give you all my treasures; look, the beautiful jewels lying there! Grant me my life; what do you want with such a slender little fellow as I? you would not feel me between your teeth. Come, take these two wicked girls, they are tender morsels for you, fat as young quails; for mercy's sake eat them!' The bear took no heed of his words, but gave the wicked creature a single blow with his paw, and he did not move again. 

The girls had run away, but the bear called to them: 'Snow-white and Rose-red, do not be afraid; wait, I will come with you.' Then they recognized his voice and waited, and when he came up to them suddenly his bearskin fell off, and he stood there a handsome man, clothed all in gold. 'I am a king's son,' he said, 'and I was bewitched by that wicked dwarf, who had stolen my treasures; I have had to run about the forest as a savage bear until I was freed by his death. Now he has got his well-deserved punishment. 

Snow-white was married to him, and Rose-red to his brother, and they divided between them the great treasure which the dwarf had gathered together in his cave. The old mother lived peacefully and happily with her children for many years. She took the two rose-trees with her, and they stood before her window, and every year bore the most beautiful roses, white and red. 




Snow-white

1, Once there was a Queen. She was sitting at the There was snow outside in the garden-snow on the hill and in the lane, snow on the hunts and on the trees: all things were white with snow.2, The Queen was making a coat for a little child. She said, "I want my child to be white as this cloth, white as the snow. And I shall call her Snow-white."3, Some days after that the Queen had a child. The child was white as snow. The Queen called her Snow-white.4, But the Queen was very ill, and after some days she died. Snow-white lived, and was a very happy and beautiful child.5, One year after that, the King married another Queen. The new Queen was very beautiful; but she was not a good woman.6, A wizard had given this Queen a glass. The glass could speak. It was on the wall in the Queen's room. Every day the queen looked in the glass to see how beautiful she was. As she looked in the glass, she asked: "Tell me, glass upon the wall, who is most beautiful of all?" And the glass spoke and said: "The Queen is most beautiful of all."7, Year went by. Snow-white grew up and became a little girl. every day the Queen looked in the glass and said, "Tell me, glass upon the wall, who is most beautiful of all?" And the glass said, "Snow-white is most beautiful of all."8, When the Queen heard this, she was very angry. She said, "Snow-white is not more beautiful than I am. There is no one who is more beautiful than I am."9, Then the Queen sat on her bed and cried.10, After one hour the Queen went out of her room. She called one of the servants, and said, "Take Snow-white into the forest and kill her."11, The servant took Snow-white to the forest, but he did not kill her, because she was so beautiful and so good. He said, "I shall not kill you; but do not go to the King's house, because the Queen is angry and she will see you. If the Queen sees you, she will make some other man kill you. Wait here in the forest; some friends will help you." Then he went away.12, Poor Snow-white sat at the foot of a tree and cried. Then she saw that night was coming. She said, "I will not cry. I will find some house where I can sleep tonight. I cannot wait here: the bears will eat me."13, She went far into the forest. Then she saw a little hut. She opened the door of the hut, and went in. In the hut she saw seven little beds. There was a table, and on the table there were seven little loaves and seven little glasses. She ate one of the loaves. Then she said, "I want some water to drink." So she drank some water out of one of the glasses. Then she fell asleep on one of the seven little beds.14, The hut was the home of seven Little Men. When it was night, the seven Little Men came to the hut. Each Little Man had a big beard, and a little blue coat. Each Little Man came into the hut, and took his little lamp. Then each Little Man sat down, and ate his little loaf, and drank his little glass of water.15, But one Little Man said, "Someone has eaten my little loaf." And another Little Man said, "Someone has drunk my little glass of water." Then the seven Little Men went to bed, but one Little Man said, "Someone is sleeping on my little bed." All the seven Little Men came to look at Snow-white as she slept on the Little Men's bed. They said, "She is very beautiful."16, Snow-white awoke, and saw the seven Little Men with their big beards standing near her bed. She was afraid. The Little men said, "Do not be afraid. We are your friends. Tell us how you came here." Snow-white said, "I will tell you." Then she told them her story.17, They said, "Do not be afraid. Live here with us. But see that the door shut when we are not in the house with you. Do not go out. If you go out, the bad Queen will find you. Then she will know that you are not dead, and will tell someone to kill you." So Snow-white lived in the hut with the seven Little Men.18, After some days Snow-white went into the garden. One of the Queen's servants was going through the forest, and he saw her. He went and told the Queen, "Snow-white is in a hut in the forest." The Queen was very angry when she heard that Snow-white was not dead.19, The Queen took an apple. She made a hole in the red side of the apple, and put some powder into the hole. Then she put on old clothes and went to the hut. She called, "Is any one there?" Snow-white opened the door, and came out to her. The Queen said, "I have some pretty apples. Eat one of my pretty apples." Snow-white took the apple and said, "Is it good?" The Queen said, "See, I will eat this white side of the apple; you eat the red side. Then you will know that it is good."20, Snow-white ate the red side of the apple. When the powder was in her mouth, she fell down dead. The Queen went back to her house. She went into her room. she looked into the glass and said, "Tell me, glass upon the wall, who is most beautiful of all?" The glass said, "The Queen is most beautiful of all." Then the Queen know that Snow-white was dead.21, The Little Men came back to the hut. When they saw that Snow-white was dead, the poor Little Men cried. Then they put Snow-white in a box made of glass. They took the glass box to a hill and put it there, and said, "Everyone who goes by will see how beautiful she was." Then each Little Man put one white flower on the box, and they went away.22, Just as they were going away, a Prince came by. He saw the glass box and said, "What is that?" Then he saw Snow-white in the box. He said, "She was very beautiful: but do not put her there. There is a hall in the garden of my father's house. It is all made of white stone. We will take the glass box and put it in the hall of beautiful white stone."23, The Little Men said, "Take her." Then the Prince told his servants to take up the box. They took up the box. Just then one of the servants fell down. The box fell, and Snow-white fell with the box. The bit of apple fell out of her mouth: she awoke, and sat up, and said, "Where am I?"24, The Prince said, "You are with me. I never saw anyone as beautiful as you. Come with me and be my Queen."25, The Prince married Snow-white, and she became his Queen.26, A man went and told this to the bad Queen. When she heard it she was so angry that she fell down dead.27, Snow-white lived and was very happy ever after. And the Little Men came to see her every year.


A long time ago, In a beautiful kingdom, there lived a young king and queen, the people loved them so much; the queen died while giving birth to a girl, her name was Snow White, She was a beautiful princess. Year passed, the king got married again, The people didn’t love the new queen, because she was cruel. 
很久很久以前，在一个美丽的国度里，住着一位年轻的国王和他的王后，他们深受人民的爱戴。王后在生育一个女孩时不幸死去了，这个女孩的名字叫做白雪，这是位美丽的公主。几年之后，国王再婚了。人民不喜欢这位新王后，因为这是个残暴的女人。

One day, In the king’s palace: 
一天，在国王的宫殿里

S.w: My name is S.w , I am a beautiful princess, I miss my mother so much, Where is my mother? Where is my mother? 
白雪：我的名字叫做白雪，我是个美丽的公主，我十分怀念我死去的母后。妈妈你在哪？妈妈你在哪？


Q: I am a queen, I’m very beautiful,Where is Mirror? 
王后：我是王后，是个非常艳丽的女人。我的镜子在哪？
Mirror, Mirror on the wall, who’s the most beautiful? 
镜子镜子听我问，谁是这世上最美的人
M: S.w is much more beautiful than you! 
镜子：白雪比你美丽千倍
Q: Hunter, go kill S.w. 
王后：猎人，去杀掉白雪


H: Yes, my queen 
猎人：遵命，我的主上


S.w: Help me ,help me, please, please 
白雪：救命啊，救命……求你救救我。
A: what’s the matter with you? 
A：出什么事了
S.w: The hunter…hunter… 
白雪：是猎人……猎人他……
A: bite you bite you … 
A：咬死你咬死你……


S.w: I am tried and hungry, oh, there is a little house , 
白雪：我又累又饿，哦，这里有个小房子。
I will eat a little and lie down. 
我得吃点东西小憩一会。


D: 1/Look, somebody ate my food---- 
小矮人 1：看那，我的东西被人吃了
2/somebody drank my water---- 
2：我的水被人喝了
3/someone is sleeping now---- 
3：有人在睡觉呢
4/What a beautiful girl!---- 
4：多美的姑娘啊！


5/How do you do? 
5：你好啊
S.w: How do you do? My name is S.w … 
白雪：你好，我的名字叫做白雪……
Nice to meet you! 
很高兴认识你们
D: （齐说）Nice to meet you ,too---- 
小矮人：很高兴认识你……
6/ welcome to our house!---- 
6：欢迎到我们这里来
7/Would you like to live here? 
7：你愿意住在这里吗？
S.w: My pleasure, thank you very much! 
白雪：当然愿意，非常感谢！
D: Let’s go out for our work, bye-bye, S.W 
小矮人：我们要去工作了，再见啦，白雪


Q: Mirror, mirror on the wall, 
王后：镜子镜子听我问，
who’s the most beautiful? 
谁是这世上最美的人
M: S.w is much more beautiful than you! 
镜子：白雪比你美丽千倍
Q: What? S.w is not dead? 
王后：什么？白雪没有死？
Hahaha, I got a good idea! 
哈哈哈，我有个好主意！


Q: Apple ,apple, beautiful apple, 
王后：卖苹果，卖苹果，有人的苹果啦！
S.w: Hello, Good morning grandma! 
白雪：请等等，早上好，老奶奶
Q: pretty girl ,would you like a bite? 
王后：可爱的姑娘，要尝一口吗？
S.w: Oh, yes ,thank you grandma! 
白雪：哦，好啊，谢谢你老奶奶！

Q: The girl is dead! Hahaha… 
王后：这丫头没命了！哈哈哈……


S.w wake up, wake up… 
白雪，醒醒，醒醒……


P: A beautiful girl! She shall be my queen! 
王子：美丽的姑娘，你将成为我的新娘！

S.w: Thank you for your help! 
白雪：谢谢你救我
P: My pleasure
王子：荣幸之至 



Once upon a time, as a queen sits sewing at her window, she pricks her finger on her needle and three drops of blood fall on the snow that had fallen on her ebony window frame. As she looks at the blood on the snow, she says to herself, "Oh, how I wish that I had a daughter that had skin white as snow, lips red as blood, and hair black as ebony". Soon after that, the queen gives birth to a baby girl who has skin white as snow, lips red as blood, and hair black as ebony. They name her Princess Snow White. As soon as the child is born, the queen dies.

Soon after, the king takes a new wife, who is beautiful but also very vain. The Queen possesses a magical mirror that answers any question, to whom she often asks: "Mirror, mirror on the wall, who in the land is fairest of all?" to which the mirror always replies "You, my queen, are fairest of all." But when Snow White reaches the age of sixteen, she becomes as beautiful as the day, and when the queen asks her mirror, it responds: "Queen, you are full fair, 'tis true, but Snow White is fairer than you." Though in another version, the mirror simply replies: "Snow White is the fairest of them all."

The queen becomes jealous, and orders a huntsman to take Snow White into the woods to be killed. She demands that the huntsman, as proof of killing Snow White, return with her heart. The huntsman takes Snow White into the forest, but after raising his knife to stab her, he finds himself unable to kill her. Instead, he lets her go, telling her to flee and hide from the Queen. He then brings the queen the heart of a young deer, which is prepared by the cook and eaten by the queen.

In the forest, Snow White discovers a tiny cottage belonging to seven dwarfs, where she rests. There, the dwarfs take pity on her, saying "If you will keep house for us, and cook, make beds, wash, sew, and knit, and keep everything clean and orderly, then you can stay with us, and you shall have everything that you want." They warn her to take care and let no one in when they are away delving in the mountains. Meanwhile, the Queen asks her mirror once again "Who's the fairest of them all?", and is horrified to learn that Snow White is not only alive and well and living with the dwarfs, but is still the fairest of them all.

Three times the Queen disguises herself and visits the dwarfs' cottage while they are away during the day, trying to kill Snow White. First, disguised as a peddler, the Queen offers colorful stay-laces and laces Snow White up so tight that she faints, causing the Queen to leave her for dead. However, Snow White is revived by the dwarfs when they loosen the laces. Next, the Queen dresses as a different old woman and brushes Snow White's hair with a poisoned comb. Snow White again collapses, but again is saved by the dwarfs. Finally, the Queen makes a poisoned apple, and in the disguise of a farmer's wife, offers it to Snow White. When she is hesitant to accept it, the Queen cuts the apple in half, eats the white part and gives the poisoned red part to Snow White. She eats the apple eagerly and immediately falls into a deep stupor. When the dwarfs find her, they cannot revive her, and they place her in a glass coffin, assuming that she is dead.

Time passes, and a prince traveling through the land sees Snow White. He strides to her coffin. The prince is enchanted by her beauty and instantly falls in love with her. He begs the dwarfs to let him have the coffin. The prince's servants carry the coffin away. While doing so, they stumble on some bushes and the movement causes the piece of poisoned apple to dislodge from Snow White's throat, awakening her. The prince then declares his love for her and soon a wedding is planned.

The vain Queen, still believing that Snow White is dead, once again asks her mirror who is the fairest in the land, and yet again the mirror disappoints her by responding that "You, my queen, are fair; it is true. But the young queen is a thousand times fairer than you."

Not knowing that this new queen was indeed her stepdaughter, she arrives at the wedding, and her heart fills with the deepest of dread when she realizes the truth.

As punishment for her wicked ways, a pair of heated iron shoes are brought forth with tongs and placed before the Queen. She is then forced to step into the iron shoes and dance until she falls down dead.

回答人的补充   2010-03-21 12:59 1.从前从前，有一个国王、他和她的王后有一个女儿叫白雪公主。他们一直过着幸福的生活，可是有一天，王后去世了     Once upon a time，there was a king. He and his queen had a daughter named Princess Snow White. They had been living a very happy life, but one day the queen died

2.正当白雪公主想咬苹果的时候、苹果突然开始动了，带着那不同寻常的红光、变成了一个亭亭玉立的女孩、和白雪公主拥有同样的面容，带着王后妒意的毒苹果杀死了善良的白雪公主、假装吃饭被噎住、取代她躺在了地上

As soon as Princess Snow White ate the apple, the apple suddenly changed with that unusual red light into a slim and graceful girl having the same smiles as Princess Snow White. The poisonous apple killed Princess Snow White with the Queen’s jealousy, pretending that Snow White was stroke and then lied on the ground.

3.王子：我可以带走她吗、无论用多少金钱。却被小矮人们拒绝了、

正欲离开、公主缓缓醒了过来、

最后、最后、结局是

王子和苹果从此过上了幸福的生活。

Prince’s asking for taking away Princess Snow White was declined by the dwarfs. At the moment he was leaving, Princess Snow White woke up.

Finally, Prince and Princess Snow White lived a happy life from then on. 

4.皇后走进了实验室、制作了一个毒苹果，然后打扮成老婆婆、来到了小矮人的屋子前

Queen went into the lab and made a poisonous apple. Then she dressed as an old womancoming to the dwarfs’ house 

